<h1> Encrypted-Feature-Space-Using-CNN </h1>
<h2> Research Paper published under IRCICD (Scopus Indexed ) Conference 2022, May 6 </h2>
<h3> This Research paper introduces the access management instrument of the entity detection representative. The use of encoded pictures or encoded characteristic maps has proven triumphant in preventing unwanted admission to the measure. In this article, we present an approach control mechanism for article observation replicas. The usage of encrypted pictures or encoded attribute plots has been shown to be successful in preventing unwanted approaches to models. The approach's efficiency has only been verified in image organization models and semantic analysis models, not in article recognition models. For the first time, encoded feature plots proved to be successful in approach control of article observation replicas in this study. We present a safe and efficient technique based on completely homomorphic encryption and demonstrate its usefulness for a variety of real data. The suggested technique is the first to directly replicate an algorithm on ciphertext, which is one of the best performers on the plaintext feature selection problem. Furthermore, the suggested protocol is simply extensible to the scenario of more than three data owners. This study presents a secure and efficient method based on fully homomorphic encryption and demonstrates its usefulness for a variety of real-world data. The proposed method is the first method to duplicate the algorithm directly in the ciphertext. This is one of the best-performing feature selection problems in plaintext. In addition, the proposed protocol can be easily extended to scenarios with three or more data owners. </h3>
